we can flip the question is there any
claim of this kind that would not be a
no true Scotsman fallacy so what can I
say to you well do you understand look
Isaac you could step in and explain a no
truth no true Scotsman fallacy if
somebody says to you oh well Stalin
wasn't a true communist now Saddam
wasn't a few communist
Paul Paul was a major figures authors
and leaders come ISM you don't revert
any of them as a true communist this is
a no true Scotsman fallacy let's let's
put forward let's before the opposite
perspective if a capitalist said to you
that the United States is not a
capitalist country because for example
the government controls the price of
milk and you know doesn't allow free
trade and oranges these are examples of
socialist style market interventions
they don't know their socialist most
interventionist dates so indeed
socialist there are there are
libertarians who say this day yeah so
the Syrians do make that argument they
say this isn't a true capitalist economy
would you then say well okay I guess I
guess we just can't include the United
States in our consideration of what
happens when you take the principles of
capitalism and put them into practice
[Music]
historical specifics that may happen
right it just doesn't seem like there's
like much much likelihood that what we
call Stalinism or maoism and so on or
those kinds of governments I guess that
that will repeat itself in the future
right it's like the point is that I'm
confident in saying I guess that most
likely we're gonna have some genuine
socialist future right III see that's
what that's the claims that I'm actually
like I guess more interested in you
refused when I listen I just went back
and checked the reporting you refuse to
answer the question on command economy
that's the first question a few possible
yes so the first question I asked you
was about class war which you were very
uncomfortable answering you barely and
then the second question I asked you was
about command economy so if you just
these are just two features of communism
definitive as basic economies we're
placing a free market account with a
command economy mm-hm
so let's say well if you if you support
that then you support
you know that these are really important
elements the definition communism yeah
but it's just like what the [ __ ] is I
think I think you should talk to Tripp
about that looks like Tripp central
focus and studying caucus when he was
inside ball marks we insulted me
claiming I don't know the meaning of
communism repeatedly but you seem to
really be unfamiliar with very soon why
would you would you take those two
things as being constitutive of
socialism or communism we're not talking
about social to communism well then just
amend economy this is just like being in
a room full of Nazi apologists
ridiculous yes you honestly don't do not
know what a command economy is like do
you know what a [ __ ] is look Isaac
you're hanging out with a really dumb
crowd you're man but this is just as
dishonest as sitting around with a bunch
of ice why would it be hard to answer a
question about class war back and I went
back and told you right that what it
meant for classes to be in conflict
isn't that the whole duration of society
or what that mode of production is gonna
be spent having war with another class
and I even told you right there in the
specific case of socialism it is well it
was prescribed right I guess right that
the first step that the proletarian
revolution may take a suppress the other
class so that there is no class struggle
anymore no class war right so you're
just like out of your league you're just
saying nonsense like three how am I out
of my league what absurd I asked you a
very
play at the class war and you think
because I asked the question in terms of
in terms of proceeding with the
conversation proceeding with the debate
okay
then I'm out of my lip there's no
evidence here whatsoever that I don't
want to talk about there's a lot of
evidence you know what you're talking
about
look if you don't support a command
economy that's okay but you there's no
reason to pretend that's not part of the
definition of communism it absolutely
lets you read many times that it was
ridiculous think Amodeo was communist
look like it's just nonsense right like
little bit even one with me full
statements about glass war I can say you
never read Marx have you read Marx and
you shall you never ever conferences for
class please this isn't even right
answer the question you just saying it's
not communism it couldn't communism wait
like the whole point the whole points
right philosophies no third this is like
the third time I'm gonna say this to you
right it's like even like the like the
most basic lay man on this topic right
no unionism what communism is positive
to be where it is a classless maan ulis
stateless society that functions
socialistic linic in economics right now
give me one historical example that's
monolith classless stateless and has a
socialist economy so you claim you've
been you've claimed you've been
influenced miss Burma the definition you
just offered is not what you will find
in a political science textbook or
epidemic context of course it's - it's
not your definition all right I never
finish presents you don't stick of
course it is the definition you've offer
is just as ridiculous as someone who
supports the Islamic state saying that
an Islamic state is by definition a
paradise where there's none of this
conflict etc and other people would have
to say no that's not what in the real
world that Islam what is this analogy
look guys you're so you are clinging to
a no true Scotsman fallacy it's a no
true communist fallacy so that you can
believe that you can claim really
obvious elements of Marxism like class
war don't matter what matters is your
idealized notion of fairness that's just
a subtle shift right where he was saying
it was communism and now he's reverting
it back to like just merely being
Marxist or in the Marxist doctrine I
just like Google communism right what go
on [ __ ] Wikipedia or something go
through Google prom you know some and
show what it sure like it just yeah I
think we really need to we're just I
think this is really important just
think there's not you're not paying
there she thinks it's the command just
let him answer what what is your
understanding of communism I just didn't
see the name PO who should address us
whose week grace at praise peppers yeah
I think it's been completely clear and
completely consistent from started this
conversation that in the same sense that
I look at actually existing Muslim
designs as examples of what a Muslim
society is in the same way that's okay
thanks then hope you enjoyed my answer
the question the same way I learned from
history on any other topic and the same
way I'd look at real examples of
societies that have abolished alcohol I
would look at societies that have
abolished money and what happens that so
yes there are different specific well
those are those interpretive
interpretation is strongly just it's it
falls prey to people that are bad actors
and will just accuse you like for
example like people accusing
sargon of akkad of being a Nazi because
he's you know right-leaning like that's
dishonest
and I think you're gonna find that what
their argument is against your
definition is that people are going to
just accuse things of being communist
without the but really both fitting
criteria okay but a it is also
ridiculous what they actually said their
own terms they accused me of a false
equivocation by claiming that historical
reality matters
so they were gave us a death sentence
Cambodia Cambodia it is a society that
self-identified as communist no
distinguish between communism and
sociable communism only through the
entire conversation I have only been
talking if you want to know in the
question was what's the definition of
communism that I use and SEIU I'm
talking about historically real
communism empirically the same way what
that fascism historically real if you
ask does Cambodia or does Cambodia not
count as a communist society they were
it's by the same token it's just a token
these are people who took that book took
those principles and tried to create a
society based on those principles so the
countries that call themselves glom
unist
is it fair just to acknowledge them as
communists historically the other factor
there is the role of the Quran so to
speak is the role the sacred text it's
not just the homes of Communists it's
also that they're working through a
context the other societies work from so
communist China communist Cambodia
communist Russia and even Cuba they all
they didn't just call them stones Thomas
they also work from exactly the same
corpus of sacred texts of principles the
comparison to his long really does
matter it really is useful and for them
to dismiss this and to say that I'm
insane that I'm gaslighting that I don't
know where I'm talking about it is warm
ok oh my god what the [ __ ] why are you
talking
go ahead I want you to talk ok look
the point is that it's obvious of
equivocation right and borderline like
you know saying something like my
definition of communism is Cambodia and
I use that [ __ ] definition to gauge
whether or not cambogia is socialist or
not or some [ __ ] it's [ __ ] ridiculous
right and it's obviously equivocating on
what marks on what and the other serious
serious Marxist would call social as re
communism it's just nonsense right so
you would disagree with his assertion
that of course okay it's just very
simple right it's like a very well
accepted widespread view in communist
circles right and anyone who knows about
communism right that what communism is
right is a state of socialist
development in which money the state and
classes cease to exist right now if you
want to make some empirical ass poll
where you show me societies that existed
in the last [ __ ] century that were
stateless modulus and class mess yeah
that they had those properties go ahead
but you're just like not going to be
able to it's just not so let's let's
just make a friendly member another
common America what I am guilty of is
not equivocation I'm going to read you
the English you simply disagree with me
so why not be honest why not be
reasonable and say okay I just let me
read you I'm gonna tell you the meaning
of the word equivocation which you don't
seem to no equivocation quote the use of
ambiguous language to conceal the truth
or avoid committing oneself so what I
have said is not in any way equivocal
and glide about many things including
that because you're so stupid right like
the point is that it would receive
you've been completely dishonest this
debate all that is meant by a
provocation right is that we provided
the meaning for wars that we are using
namely communism it explains complex
sorry concept X right and what you are
doing is using the same word and
ignoring the meaning that we provided as
being X and just said no communist
communism is why just ignoring all the
academic I don't I didn't ignore
anything from the very food very first
thing I said in the conversation I was
making an argument for empirical reality
over chalkboard hypothetical reality
that's that has been my only argument
and I hate to tell you this but i won
cuz you underly failed to oppose or
respond to that what you engage in was
simply lying that's it I was like you do
in response was lying you could make
claims like homage doesn't support
classroom again like he's just so we're
talking look again right like you were
caught just equivocating while asking
gotcha questions I then leave and leave
no where you were able to concoct again
just one fact someone disagrees with you
isn't equivocating that's not the
meaning of the word if I disagree with
you that's not an equation let me money
it's just incorrect use of the English
language but we haven't completely clear
or what I'm saying I may be wrong you're
allowed to say I'm incorrect you
disagree with me but I'm not acquitted
of course you're equivocating look when
you when you I say something like
communist Cambodia's and is in communist
or something right and you say that it's
absurd it just means that you're not
understanding what I mean by communist
it's obvious like location right is not
equivocation and it's not a fill-in
insane you my only point I just meant
what what is meant is that I'm using a
word a certain way and that you're
construing that word to mean something
else and acting as if I mean that -
right it's just nonsense right right
don't weekend in week that I had like
surpassed in how convincing it was
before the debate even started has
destroyed I think this will this will be
a good ending question here I just want
to ask you and you know you guys can
both talk about this if you were to
hypothetically store
a nation and you wanted it to be
communist but it fell through could you
still say that the intention was that it
was to be communist that when if it
failed
why don't I don't think that's I think
it's possible I guess but I don't think
that was the case with Solomon because I
truly think that the intentions were not
good with heading towards communism
basically at least for the bureau for
the bureaucracy you know Heysel to have
any response my thesis throughout this
was just a thesis in favor of learning
from real historical experience but do
you have any response to what he said
how are the push ups that gives the
debate that is all of debated here so
you know to me what are you saying in
response it is just as laughable as
anyone else whose claim to a no true
Scotsman fallacy if you guys all what
what happens if you if you if you make
out the whole legal if you want to know
what happens when looking at gun control
legislation that's just a clavicle
abortion legislation any principle this
my approach is to look at empirical
reality historical again in the case of
alcohol you can make completely
convincing abstract argument that
alcohol ought to be illegal in society
would be a better place if nobody drink
alcohol you can make an abstract
argument about gun control or about gun
letting everyone have a gun making every
person have a free gun or something you
can make those as abstract arguments on
a chalkboard and they may seem
convincing my insistence is that we work
from stories in these values that you
like and how long was it is very
important that they were fused without
the definition of prohibition you don't
know what the historical examples are
like if I ask you what's a circle and
you say the bottom of a soup cans a
circle the outline of the moon is a
circle but if we need to know about an
egg and whether it's a circle you didn't
say you know it's a set of points
equidistant from another point so we're
asking what's the definition for you of
communism because you didn't accept that
you're not using ours you're lying
so Brinn do you think you're telling the
truth right now
again what I said clearly you guys like
everybody why is that used to be clear
that that wasn't bran I think that was
who was that was that communist being in
McDonald's gizmo no that was gizmo yeah
but that's that's communist vegan
McDonald's okay I'm sorry
well but the point is very easy way it's
like I was asked do you think Cambodia
for instance is communist right it's
obviously going to be relevant right
what I mean by communism there for you
till I get a satisfactory answer right
and I've provided reasons that I think
are convincing from you used to use the
word communism and that's Pacific plate
namely it's the most perceive pervasive
definition in Marxist and Marxist
circles and even outside us furthermore
okay I understand that but you see that
was the debate no if I introduced it was
about empirical reality versus why with
chalkboard approach why would and what I
have invited you to consider please
here's a quest review which is not
insulting or not confrontational
why don't you reflect a little bit on
why you wouldn't accept these excuses
from any other geology we wouldn't
accept a chalkboard hypothetical
definition of the Islamic state that
would that would make them in no way
responsible for the blood types of story
with effect and a yardstick for any
other system and you know there's a
chalkboard description of capitalism is
the most wonderful plaintiff that you're
trying to pull as your entry you're
trying to pull this sneaky like
empirical card right where's the
question second question why not just
answer the question I'm just that's what
I already [ __ ] answered the question
a thousand times I know I just put you
you haven't answered why do you make
this system me it bugged me how you
misrepresented that I'll get to it but
it brought me how you were
misrepresented what was happening before
the empirical evidence thing right like
all that was saying is right given this
definition of communism that have reason
to hold is the most pervasive definition
of communism right it's just going to be
an empirical issue right well
XYZ countries or communist or not and I
invited you right to look for countries
that you can point to that were
stateless moneyless and classes in class
'no switch is what communism is so i was
in the empirics as well in fact it's the
onus to present imperiex's on your side
here
so how you feel about any of social
system is there any other special system
that gets your no true Scotsman fallacy
because if you were debating capitalism
with someone and someone defending
captain within the whole history of
capitalism doesn't matter the only thing
that matters is this perfect chalkboard
definition right I've told you three
history that would that would that would
that would set of a situation where the
real history of capitalism is irrelevant
and I've caught you because the reality
is you're now an anti Marxist north
what does Karl Marx said with history of
capitalism what does he say you're
supposed to do learn from the concrete's
willful reality the point is that it's
very simple right to make your locator
you are what does learning what does
hallmark say about learning from the
history captain concrete history
what'swhat's Carter's approach is his
approach the same as your approach no
but isn't is it
oh yeah of course it is just all works
would not in order to substantiate your
claim right that I think right that I
don't think that cut the cabbage is
communist you have to show me right or
like given my definition why are you
repeating yourself you're not answering
any of the questions
no no I'm completely accepting your
argument I understand your with your
argument is anti empirical but it's also
an tomorrow's it means you wouldn't be
able to ever discussed history of
capitalism or what capitalism is where
the reality of what is long as or
anything it's literally an empirical and
well empirical disorder wendell ism does
he use your method no right because you
have so much to say the point right it's
very simple that given my definition of
car like I think that communism my claim
is cambogia is not communist to it given
what I believe communism to be given
that that the
Nishan is the one that marks user that
everyone basically uses right all I did
was take that that that definition see
if there were some empirical examples
right of the definition obtaining and it
didn't young everyone's complaining
about your sound I've got you 200% just
please talk louder get closer to make
you something just one second
so if if that's the excuse you're using
then anyone could say back to you
feudalism as an excuse don't mix the old
don't straw and it's the exact same
approach someone if someone had a
definition of capitalism that was
different from an economy that works on
private ownership or whatever right and
if they had some wild criteria right
given that they have this wild criteria
it will apply that that's that country
wouldn't be capitalist right but the
point is is if din that case right if
someone were to say capitalism is when
sheep are like on the table or something
right that would just like be an absurd
[ __ ] definition right that no one has
a reason to hold that all right but
given that I told you and demonstrated
to you right that the communism the
definition of communism that I hold is
completely tangible and that there's
reason to hold that given that everyone
else calls it that
right then you're just gonna have right
unless you want to be heterodox about
this and be some outsider that uses the
word differently you know just and
you're just gonna have to accept that
Cambodia just so everyone just so he
understands do you mind being clear
about what you mean when you say that
your definition is tenable the sense the
sense the sense in which you know
there's some reason for you to actually
hold that definition is in its mo is how
most most people use the word
it's how specialists and the field will
use the word in the field use the word
but does that make it way a whole lot
more in the field because the specialist
in the field would not use the word
communism to describe Pol Pot's Cambodia
would not use the word
I mean ISM to describe the Soviet Union
or would not use the word communism to
describe describe China to wrap its MU
let's call it reductio ad absurdum it's
completely absurd to claim you've just
made the claim that your definition is
how most people use the word communism
and that would be using the word
communist we have most people who know I
rest my case
you.your yeah yeah resi the rest stick
to sleep yeah you should go you should
go and rest to you I've been completely
clear why not why are you lying why not
just be on the level with you were
saying you were saying that would come
and there's no you said you said before
that's what communism was if it was
[ __ ] central planning Reagan [ __ ] you
know you're just we were just
equivocating I guess you can concede to
it now right but you know I said command
economy for some reason you couldn't
answer that statement you got real
uncomfortable with the statement command
economy I told you it's communism it's
not what kind of you asked for
you asked for examples of specific
elements that define communism and I got
two out and you freaked out but that's
not an example of communism definition
one is the definition one morning they
are absent birthday finish calm ISM
again you say you've been to a political
science university I really doubt it one
is the philosophy of class war I'm sure
replacing a Fremont I clarified class
war like three times now yeah right and
you're doing that what communism you
begin your do don't want you to know so
you're saying and you're saying right
and you're saying that you picked two
empirical examples of coming out of
countries that were communist that's
just like obviously question begging
right the point is that given the
definitions are not time you know it's
not an idiot look at the thesis I put
forward ask isn't it so was it is that
historical reality matters and you guess
what I'm on the same side as Karl Marx
with that you're and which I cited
historical reality right when I gave up
some homey and and now you're not what
is historical I have to kill yourself
because you've gone what SS the whole
material scene which is your own
religion well what is well i comply come
again I stated my case empirically right
he walks you just got destroyed it's
just like you know it's it's fine it
happens sometimes young just so I'll try
to see if I can get this going again
would you say that even the or would you
agree that even though everyone might
agree on your definition of communism
that doesn't necessarily make it
actually possible of course well it's
not that bad that makes it possible I
just don't think there's any like you
know what do you mean like what do you
even mean by possible like it's obvious
logically possible it's obvious
obviously physically possible right it's
it's just a matter of plausibility or if
you think that there's some chance you
know we can flip the question is there
any claim of this kind that would not be
a no true Scotsman fallacy so what can I
say to you do you understand look Isaac
you could step in and explain a no true
Scotsman fallacy if somebody says to you
oh well Stalin wasn't a true communist
now Saddam wasn't a few communist
Paul Paul was a major figures authors
and leaders come ISM you don't revert
any of them as a true communist this is
a no true Scotsman fallacy okay I didn't
say that they weren't lying again you
were saying that the societies were in
communist not that the people were
[ __ ] away called themselves
communists you're just an idiot what are
you doing you think that weird that
stupid that will fall for like this type
of rhetoric yes
Michael Ince was much much more stupid
than you think you are stupid yes I
think your skin thank you for asking
that question whether I think you stupid
how can it not be a no true Scotsman
fallacy
if someone says slick you're talking to
a student who's interested in the
history of Islam and and they tell you
oh no no Saudi Arabia is not an example
of a Muslim country Indonesia is not an
example of Muslim country the Islamic
state is not no no
none of these or Islamic societies what
do you mean what do you study what do
you actually this is engagement it look
like it you understand right
if someone says the United States is not
I think you're smart enough right I
don't think you're smart enough to
understand that you're in the minority
right regarding how this word is used to
it that the point is just to say
everybody on that in the in the most in
this in the Muslim case and the Muslim
same one other point
what what what what in the Muslim case
right what it wasn't like what you're
doing what you're doing you mute him
what are you doing what you're doing
within the Muslim case right is merely
saying is this country Muslim and by
Muslim I mean that it's [ __ ] Jewish
or some [ __ ] but some completely offense
[ __ ] right that no one understands to be
what Muslim means right now if that
person tells you know or whatever it's
not know it's it's not a Muslim country
then it's not gonna be a [ __ ] no true
Scotsman you're just using a [ __ ]
silly definition of the word Izola it
sounds like you're saying that the real
existing examples of countries that call
themselves communist is what you go by
is that correct yeah it is a very major
are you are you aware that the Soviet
Union never claimed to have achieved
communism they would have said
explicitly they did say explicitly we
have not achieved communism are you
aware I am aware of all the propaganda
on all sides I am aware of all internet
traditions he's aware of propaganda on
all sides it's just like we just seems
like he has drank like the kool-aid yes
avoiding the issue so no it goes
directly to the heart of did they claim
to have achieved communist
let's put forward let's before the
opposite perspective if a capitalist
said to you that the United States is
not a capitalist country because for
example the government controls the
price of milk and you know doesn't allow
free trade and oranges
these are examples of socialist style
marketeer
socialist most interventionist dates so
we need socialist there are there were
libertarians who say this day yeah so
blessed Aryans do make that argument
they say this isn't a true capitalist
economy would you then say well okay I
guess I guess we just can't include the
United States in our consideration of
what happens when you take the
principles of capitalism of what the
minute practice get bogged down and it's
just like a silly thing but meaning like
why is that no one is appointed the
point is that is to say right this thing
that exists that we normally called the
u.s. is capitalist right or is free
market or is in free market right it's
it's whatever whatever [ __ ] word you
want to use it you realize that these
countries that have existed are
communist yeah can I add a point of
information here about how Marx defined
communism he said it was two things he
said it's the thing that Jung is
focusing on a stateless class is money
in this society that evens out urban and
rural and ends value exchange and he
also said it's the movement of people
and attempted worker states towards that
hypothetical future society which has
always been a hypothetical future
Society okay
now did the Soviet Union seek to achieve
communism not if they think up until
speak to it I'm lying about what mark
says though multitasking Nazis but what
Hitler said Marx recognized Louie
Augusto own key as a communist and and
has even called them the real communists
well I just want to hear though I know
but even this they're lying about
they're lying at every stage of the
argument so what did the Soviet Union
attempt
communism did they say they attempted it
you can McDonald's got a skew yeah they
did they were sincere in Cambodia also
they were sincere I mean I don't think
that state you fail you see I see I
don't think that 16 fever of your side I
obey it's not like I I so my suggestion
to you is history right or if you know
any like position that's not just
Stalinism right then you'd know that my
most people in fact I'd say most
communists right now in the world don't
believe that right they don't believe
right then you the most people who are
Muslim don't believe that the Islamic
state was Islamic the agree are you
stupid
the point is that they agree on the fact
right that Stalinism for instance was
some deformation of the actual goal that
they were trying to achieve and I don't
think how is that how this is that's
like legitimately like this is not even
debating validity of your communist
fantasy its debating the significance of
empirical reality versus fantasy yes
yeah why would you but why would you
talk about that right given that
everything that we said right with that
that I said at least that demanded
empirical evidence right or a reference
to reference to empirics was Matt with
reference to him you know what
necessitated empirics was met with
empirics right so I don't know why
you're trying to do here trying to like
convince people that you're that you
just want to talk about empirics versus
theory for no [ __ ] reason how about
this would it be fair to say we can try
to constrain the conversation to theory
or empirics and then maybe that'll we
can move from there so like what's one
would you guys rather do look for my I
wouldn't because they've already
conceded the point
lemmya
now it's a bit obvious to everyone who
is like same line that this guy got
shadow or a certain a flattering way I
don't think they even make them kiss
work you know from a flattering to
flatter the other side what they're
saying is that the the theory of
communism remains valid remains
meaningful and important and that it
isn't damaged by the historical examples
of what happened when people put that
theory to practice now I can accept that
I'm going to understand we've given
arguments for that let me say I've never
read the arguments and I said you have
kept saying that I don't understand you
or that I'm equivocating is no you're
just not equivocate and then there's
nothing to understand there but as a
whole that asahi way that when you're
talking the way discussion control or
any of the whole discussion was I will
discuss ties empirical historical
reality that was that was what what the
point is that you have to you know like
search for empirical evidence right when
it's relevant to the beliefs that the
person actually holds raitis what you're
trying to do ready to say something like
you know I want to look at the empirical
evidence evidence of the Soviet Union
under Stalin or something and then say
that that's relevant to my belief that
socialism is good
yes it's obviously not going to be
relevant or a critique right given that
we think that Stalinism is an entirely
different phenomenon that is not
entailed by socialism or by Bhangarh it
is or Lenin is so there's a mic the
vegan in the audience here and this
simply asks Mike's a class do you deny
any past failure of communism now I
believe for every wrong but I believe
your position your position is not that
you deny there were failures of
communism I heard what you said earlier
your position isn't a feel that those
failures are not relevant to the utopian
chalkboard abstract definition of
communism that you have in your own mind
okay no that's slavery and once I gotta
say one thing just for clarity's sake
mike is asking that just to Brin and in
chat he's not asking that at young but
you know just just to be fair they seem
like a gentleman but I am young should
respond to that what was just said from
quick please hi silicon drifting
so it okay he first said do you deny
that there are historical disaster it's
caused by Congress the bad things have
makan ISM and I was suggesting it's not
that you deny there have been bad things
in the other congressmen it's just that
you deny the connection between those
things and communism in principle your
abstract definition come well the first
part with the work the force first horn
there I think that there well there were
projects by self-proclaimed communists
and people who I genuinely think we're
communists at one point or another that
failed miserably yeah so I agree with
that but the point is not to say that
it's merely theoretically theoretically
sound right we think that it's actually
I think at least that is that it's at
least well that there is at least you
never in a well that you know capitalism
is not going to be an option anymore
right and that the most likely option
that humanity will you know what walk
towards this socialism right and that
it's very unlikely that these things
that we call that we call like different
political phenomena like Stalinism will
actually repeat themselves in the future
so that's my position I think it's
actually likely to support socialism it
to exist and for it to succeed no so
it's not just about understanding there
was no point saying it was equivocating
or there was being dishonest I
understand your position and you know
it's possible to have a reasonable
conversation with it it's possible
recognize the other person's position
and see that their disagree with you my
summary of your position was reasonable
and wasn't hostile and so on I have
known communists all my life now Jung
would you say that based on what you
just told me that what I got from that
is that although you you're not solely
basing this off of theory you just
believe that a communist system or
socialist system will be inevitable and
that the likelihood of a situation like
the Soviet Union is not likely in the
future and if that's the case no well I
told you well I told I was
that's what I was talking about before
the point is that we think that the
shirt sorry we think that the
circumstances by which the Soviet Union
got Stalin eyes died guess right
we're very specific historical
contingencies regarding the Civil War
and how it affected you know membership
of the body I think that you go next
you both should disguise on the face the
point is that I've been like out and
it's like a a.m. and I live and haven't
slept for it okay and also English is
your second language I sympathize but
you know say I think it's a simple point
and I think you know I made my point
but Marxism is his first language that
was funny Marxism that was a good joke
sorry
anyway I recognized that was a good job
but look you know I just say I think
it's possible to talk about these things
in a reasonable way and you were smart
with a lot of insults against me and a
lot of evasion and a lot of dishonesty
well I'm just I'm just gonna finish by
right there saying that I think it's
quite clear that but at least for the
bulk of the conversation what was just
like being done was mainly rhetoric
right and like no real argument except
like one inductive inference so I'm just
you know like as far as I'm concerned
you know like it's fine you know but I'm
just gonna go and you know he's
repeatedly I only had one week inductive
inference you have had no answer to the
problem of the no true Scotsman fallacy
there's only one point I don't you I
told you I gave a retort I gave her a
torch with my different retorts
I gave her a tone I give I gave I gave
you a tour to the no true Scotsman thing
which is recorded and you could you're
here in the record I hope that it's
recorded if it's recorded you'll hear in
the recording that they may when he went
completely silent
you went completely silent and didn't
respond to it and like literally swayed
switched the topic right because it was
clear that it wasn't equivocation as I
it wasn't a no true Scotsman
alright I'm just I'm just gonna say bye
and just thank you guys for the plot for
the platform and thank you for letting
me [ __ ] on this girl good carry on
good night young good night it's so sad
to see the young people on drugs so sad
right now forever was I being a little
overbearing with my moderation no no
that was great that was great I don't
even know who you are what's your name
my name is crazy
well on the server anyway yeah okay
praise but anyway that was the best look
that was the best moderation I have ever
had on any online discussion legit dude
thank you I mean it's huge praise I
appreciate it well most moderators are
really durable thank you I think
progress was slow but there was some
like you know it sounds like your
definition of communism is command
economy and class warfare something like
that yeah well I'm more open-minded than
that as they say my organ was just about
the importance of empirical historical
reality as such but you know I do think
he also mean toward the end he was
saying look you can define communist in
one way or another like there's some
there's some wiggle room some we were as
long as you come to a reasonable working
definition by the same token you know if
you want to have it if you want have a
discussion where you just define
communism economically the communism is
an economic system that can be
illegitimate if you put in other
instances there are other elements that
are going to be more important but no
it's it's just an historical reality
approach so just just to give him much
less you know um and a much less
offensive example or something I would
say the same thing about Buddhism like I
would never accept and by the way it was
a scholar what is him for about ten
years I would never accept someone who
gave a utopian definition of Buddhism
and then said well a Buddhist society
has never existed or something but you
know you did use here what I was trying
to say about like if it's the case of
alcohol and prohibition we can come up
with a definition of prohibition where
it's like you create strictures against
the use of alcohol and then we can go
back and find the induction of here's
what happens every time that we've seen
in the past but without that definition
we're not going to know if some future
proposal that we label bla bla bla
instead of prohibition
actually meets the definition so if I
come up with a set of proposals for
gizmo ISM and then it's like well that
could never work cuz that's communism
gonna go well I didn't label it that
what are the essential features of
communism that make a gizmo ISM the same
as causing rhythm I just think I just
think you're being reasonable and I mean
I guess you're just offended by it but I
mean that's also true with Islam you
have to have a definition as long altom
utley that leave there are all religions
that are similar to Islam but are not
Islam
so shirk I think um and I would accept
the criticism that you know that may be
really complicated doing that with Islam
it's not it's much less complicated
doing it I think I just did it with
prohibition of alcohol but I think we
can approach by degrees here like what
would the purpose of the command economy
and the class warfare be would it be
that those seem to be like the simple
solutions may be suggested or hinted at
by capital when you consider that
communism is defined by Marx as the
movement towards this hypothetical
future stateless society even if it does
involve worker states that would be like
a movement of communism and then we
could say well it often includes those
is that make sense sure of course the
scissors there's gonna be that kind of
diversity and that's again right from
the beginning I was saying that like I
said look Iran is different from
Afghanistan is different from Saudi
Arabia but there were these are very
different places culturally and
politically but mean likewise even if
you were trying to talk about an
economic definition most begin this is
in textbooks most definitions of an
Islamic state is that an Islamic state
would make banking illegal in the sense
of banks charging interest with banks
charging usury right so I mean but in
some discussions about Islam
you would use that definition and say
okay in order to count as an Islamic
state you have to make banking and use
your illegal but in some other context
like we're talking about a country like
the Philippines and Indonesia and
Thailand where Islam is is more liberal
then you'd say okay we're going to talk
about Islam here but it's not Islam to
find this way sure it's you know and so
likewise with communism you know
sometimes you're gonna have to have
reasonable
compromises or Kluge's or define i'm
sure
[Music]